Lab 2 in the course TNM108 - Machine Learning for Social Media at Linköpings University 2022
Anna Jonsson and Amanda Bigelius

---- PART 2 ----

1. Why choosing a good value for k is important in KNN?
    The amount of neighbours (k) decides the characteristics of the model.
    The value k is directly correlated with the prediction, as well as how "heavy" the computations will be.
    Low k: Low bias, but possily more noise / uneven distribution
    High k: Higher bias, but more even distribution of labels

    OBS: A "good k" varies from case to case!

2. How can you decide a good value for k?
    Mainly, test different values and compare the predicitions. 
    There is some methods that can be used, e.g. the Elbow Method.
    Generally: Use even number of k for odd numbers of attributes and vice versa

3. Can you use KNN to classify non-linearly separable data?
    
    Interpretation 1: Yes, it maps non-linear data to linear values (from "Encoding data columns")
    Interpretation 2: You can use the "kernel trick" to project non-linear data to linear axes


4. Is KNN sensible to the number of features in the dataset?
    Sensible with low amount of features, while not sensible for higher. 
    Even though it's possible for a higher amount of features, the increase can lead to overfitting.
    More dimensions --> our training data increases exponentially. SUPER expensive, SUPER slow! (Curse of dimensionality)

5. Can you use KNN for a regression problem?
    Yes, the predicted value of the new data point is computed by calculating the average of the k closest neighbour values.

6. What are the Pros and Cons of KNN?
    Pros: 
    + Faster than other classification algorithms
    + No need to train a model for generalization (instance-based learning algorithm)
    + Useful for both linear and nonlinear data.
    + Can be used with regression problems.

    Cons:
    - Slow and costly
    - Might demand scaling for the different dimensions to fit (costly)
    - Euclidean distance is sensitive to magnitude (gets heavier weighted)
    - Not suited for high-dimensional datasets

7. Improvements
    - Normalizing the data on the same scale, generally [0, 1]
    - Reduce the amount of dimensions in the data set, for large data sets. 
    - Handle missing values in the data